Jai Hind friends, today I am going to tell you
that
even after an accident you will not get insurance,
when will you not get it, under what circumstances will you not get it, I will
give you all this information that if you make a
mistake you will not get it, which mistake you will not make, you can
take an insurance claim, so you
know that it is like
ghee, you do not get it until there is an accident, so under
what circumstances will you not get it,
I will give it to you in detail
in a very short time, like this video, if you are
watching the video then press the like button below it
and you can also ask me any questions,
but I will try to make a video again,
so let me tell you the topic
that the juice which is ghroon ghroon,
then the
qualification is firing bullets, driving after drinking alcohol,
because if there is a car
accident, there is an accident with another car, someone
driving after drinking alcohol, there is an
accident with someone else, then if a
medical is done, if there is acid then it is
definitely done, if there is a
medical, it is found that you were drunk,
then no matter how clever you are in the car,
you will not get an accidental claim.
Yes, the person you hit, the
driver of the car will get the Kalam, he will get his
color, you will not get his Ghagra,
he will get the balance, he will get any kind of
accidental claim or if he
saw someone, he will get the color, but if
you do not stop any officer, that
individual, then you hit this person
and he gets badly injured
or that person dies, then despite your
car being insured, the insurance
company will not give any claim, there will be a medical examination, when it is
found that you were drunk, the insurance
company will not give any claim, you will have to pay the claim yourself,
when the welfare will be done in the court, a
single person goes to the court, someone gets
injured in a complete manner, then when the
plan will object to your car, the
insurance company will refuse, it will get an excuse that you were
drunk,
you should do it so that you can get fresh, then you will have to go to the gym tomorrow,
you can get into a very bad way, if that person is
driving after drinking, then
you can get into trouble, you will
not get any kind of penalty, secondly,
what is that overloading, overloading  You are
understanding the meaning of ₹1, that is any four seater
car, 5 seater car,
such a car is
made only as per its seat capacity
but more people are seated in it,
like a Scorpio car, you know
that it is a seven seater car and it is semi-seater,
meaning one can sit inside along with the input
driver, but it happens that you
go on a Saturday, sometimes nine people sit, it happened
when
Meghnad Amir, he is in that condition,
then you do not get any compensation and if
someone else from your family meets with an accident and
dies, then
Suresh company will not give any kind of claim to him,
you will have to pay the claim, you are the car owner, the
car owner will have to pay the amount because the
fault is yours, the fault will be considered completely yours, so
you will not get any reduction even in overloading,
understand that the vehicle which you are driving did
not meet the requirement, apart from this you do not
have a license, you are driving without a license
and all your tempered glasses
are also there, someone meets with an accident and the
car gets badly damaged
or the next person  If something happens then the same
condition will apply to this also, you will
not get any claim and if the next person does it then you will have to make the claim for her husband also
but if she is home based then if
she has car insurance then
her insurance company will compensate for it
but you will not get anything for your six, so if
it is not without license
balance then you will
not get anything, fourth is that if you cause an accident intentionally then you
know that if it is
proved that you did not do it intentionally then
you will not get it and in this half, if you are involved in
illegal work like Ghagra
or someone gives you information
about you using illegal
liquor, hashish or any illegal or
any kind of illegal
weapon or ghee, if an
accident happens then you should
get any information apart from this
subscribe
soon
but you can also subscribe in a
manner and you can also get
many other things apart from this the
office cannot get you the insurance of the car,
how much Kabir will you get, not everyone will get it, if it is
found that you are at fault for four or five
then you will not get any option  You will
not get this type of insurance, let me
tell you once more in short, if you are
driving after drinking alcohol,
driving without a license or deliberately causing an
accident or any illegal thing is
caught with you like alcohol, marijuana, weapon, then
you will not get it, then you should take
care of all these things, if you
need it, you will have to take care, it is
not your fault,
you must have heard and you are not able to get it, the
car has met with an accident, it has also happened in me,
but for some reason it was
subscribed or it was not received,
some reason comes out, due to which it gets
rejected and you are told that
due to which Suraj company gives you a notice, you will never get Kalyan, then for
five years, 10 years Vishal, you will keep running in the court,
you will not get it, no matter what you do,
Adams will raise its hands,
apart from this they will put the blame on you, so friends, this is the
first time on my channel, first time you are
watching this video, so subscribe to my channel, there is a
bell icon next to it,
press that also, but first subscribe  Yes, I am
already getting videos, you are already
watching me, so I
thank you a lot for this, I am grateful to you. See you
in the next video
with a similar topic. Whatever you write in the comments, whatever
questions you ask, I will make a video on that topic from the
next video and see you
in the next video, till then Jai Hind friends.